just sending up the livestream all right
Allen is not gonna be able to make the
meeting today so I will sub in for him
so do we have anyone who wants to take
notes
hey thanks Alex all right we paste these
in chat okay senator you have to seen it
and welcome everybody to our weekly dead
sync for Jas I don't see any particular
items on the agenda so we will just go
ahead and kick off updates Alan is not
attending I will just leave that there
for everybody to peruse it looks like he
needs reviews on several items so if
everybody could take a look at the need
reviews items for the him to help him
get unblocked that would be super
appreciated then for me last week did a
few miscellaneous updates bit swap now
has max provider support so that's in
the DHT now so we won't pull an
unlimited number of them Lippe to be
browser support build fix for something
who goes working on flood sub builds
speedy air supports primarily works on
the daemon started DHT support for the
jaya slippy to PDF daemon should be
completing that this week and then i
will be tackling the lid p2p crypto
export functionality that's needed for
the elliptic key update area a couple
items on blocked on the NAP manager we
need to add the j s team to that i
pinged the DX team for that but nobody
seems to be answering on the other end
of that phone and then the release of
p2p multi adder support in J's multi
adders that is blocking like the whole
ipfs loopy to be ecosystem from moving
over to pdb protocols and set up using
ipfs so if we get that release that
would be super great any questions for
me all right on Booker
all right I spend most of my time on
getting the erosion on the IPL tapi
things I'm and yeah I still only work
and I'm kind of blocked by getting a
review from W on the IPL t format spec
so basically at a lower level spec and
merged so we can get we move on from the
era yeah and I will still work on the
new you guys and today a new laptop
arrived because my almost pretty broken
the screen flickers and so I will have a
better working experience next week
alright and that's all what questions
for Walker not a question thank you for
that I'll review the PR again but I kept
I I kept every count correctly then the
next step was just like to trickle that
updates all the way up to examples so
that we could see how to use the new
type II be in action did you get around
to do that yes there's a pink
Twinkie hour and you basically look at
the tests to see how it then works like
because specially for me from the iPod
little table had bone change like the
IPL the API was totally the same so the
break is between the iPod II formats and
players i body okay so if you do NPM
link of all the things until like just
happy fest a lot as fast and they will
once it's implemented in J cycle D but
basically I would like to have the
approval of the specs so I can then work
on the levels up yeah like okay I'll
were you on the PR like from what I
recall it was kind of like hard to
predict how it's going to behave and I
believe others had some questions to
like it's just like because there's a
floral of seeing the waited was built
because of like all the requirements
that were imposed in the best it was
kind of gnarly it was a transformation
for the format and now we have to make
sure that we
great other things absolutely but it can
be conceived on the tests how it will
work okay
looking better into that sir thank you
all right except Pascal hello so last
week I PMS stuff was all merged so I've
been a sore pub/sub and I panas over the
HD is now in muster regarding the HT
Alan in Jacob made some reviews I I
started fixing them and it's only it's
in progress so really soon it will be
ready for a new review regarding also
the Liberty PG man client
I started its implementation lost Rick
and I implemented the basement I have
the commit link in the notes if you want
to check it out then I did more other
stuff like fix the test files with the
new API in the interrupt tests revealed
in merged parallel lookups on the giant
set of notes
we are from Johnny assay and I also did
will spend some time in the okay our
initial proposal or yes I'm not blocked
in right now and for this week I want to
get the DHD stuff emerged finished she
has the p2p okie ours for Q&A and then
implements the DHT comments for the leap
experiment clients and also finish that
my open BR for the penis penalty it's
all for me and any questions the bid
since that summit so many things really
exciting given a pillow is here today i
pedro i P&S over pub/sub you should try
it try it out
eight questions Alexi is not attending
it doesn't look like he's blocked on
anything and he's gonna continue working
on benchmarks Mateo
to angle myself yep perfect so I did a
little bunch of analysis work I plan to
find some issues later this week also it
is this week that is a open collar where
I demonstrate a little bit of clintus
functionality and how to read the
various diagrams so hopefully if you can
join that would be nice
it's scheduled for tomorrow I think let
me give you the actual time it's
tomorrow I think yeah at 3:30 Central
Europe your time so 2:30 UTC so if
somebody's interesting interested you
can dine in and join at this point in
time that is Alan Alan show eyelets
beside David you go and you go but if
you if somebody wants to join like let
me know and I will share the link then I
also apart from that work there was
actually this is not complete I also did
like some discussion with Alan and Alex
about the number of benchmarks and we
create a little bit of a road map of
things that we would like to see and and
there is a an open issue in here that if
you want to chime in and you know you
want to discuss all the stuff let's
let's talk it's the actual answer is
this issue so this is the issue yeah so
it's it's like that then this week it's
like the queue implementation then open
issues on the analysis relates to the
analysis it will require a little bit
more refinement to get to prepare issues
and things like that so I prepared brace
yourself for some issues on some stuff
ever really contributed other things I
will I will definitely then potentially
do more analysis
has more benchmarks of being done and if
I if I get time they create fix key fix
that we talked about earlier on also I
need to talk a little bit with probably
with David and Alec and Alan but I'll
reach out via email
Debbie super awesome that Tamar is
happening a presentation if they can get
recorded that will be perfect so that
everyone can see it after but perhaps
like for these weekly sync it would be
good to create an issue and just like
put the time and put the Azumi URL so
that anyone from this team or even like
other parts of the apes' project can
just join and check out the progress and
how to use this tool like if you don't
mind of course if you know my like
having maybe if you prefer to wear like
a small group on clinic it's fine it's
fine including it it's fine recording it
and publishing whatever if you want to
even stream it online I will ask one of
you to lead the organization of this I
don't have streaming capability on my
zoom account so I will see it completely
the organization and setting gap of the
live stream to you you can you can do
whatever you want really there's no
problem in sharing any of that that any
part of that presentation really so
thank you live stream perhaps is
important because like that will just
like it require more more economic
announcements but like adding an issue
on on they get my PFS / team management
say more there is this session will go
through like performance benchmarks yeah
and we'll learn how to use the clinic
stuff and like with the time and the
zoom URL for people to join there will
be enough and perfect yeah perfect okay
I'll take a note and do that yeah thank
you
great next up run we converted one of
the tests was using to get on the files
to create herbal stream added mother
tests of the neutralization of node of a
node is now being tracked without
without using a regenerating key all the
other tests are using pre generated key
so it's in there now just as some Mormon
factoring changed you know instead of
using with bio test
I think we're using test class we're now
using file set added the ipfs version to
the out to the results unless you
support for individual tests so inside
each test you can have like a certain
file set they can run again so now you
can actually specify a specific file to
run it again so if you just want to do
one file for some type of testing that's
fine yeah and then you can have now run
it off of a branch locally or and then
that will be used also by Aleksey and
then just updated the readme that add
the changes I have done this past week
coming up this next week is so we're
doing em so you need to verify the files
are pre generated and then if there's
some missing based on a config we're
gonna regenerate them those are just the
test files and fixtures and then what's
left is just hopefully just going on
adding more tests so I listed about five
tests that I'm going to start tackling
this week so see how far yep that's yeah
just adding tests now should be awesome
any questions for run all right except
who go
hi guys so just okay so I did some work
on the packages in linter on Asia
this came from an issue about stuff
about the package Jason that was kind of
screaming things up also made babble and
webpack experimental configure a bit
safer and faster so everyone can easily
or more easy except like changing the
default one for this one also did both
requests on the repo to fix a problem
with the lock and another one about
making karma and like the Asia tests
with karma and Asia will change it to
the default and cleaning everything up
about the old ones and did also a bunch
of pull requests about the window size
in several ripples created couple
packages to help with this stuff and
still missing the last ones like the
top-level ones the API or the HTTP
client and the JSF FS butts right now on
my machine I get like on the gears on
the Zips values I'm almost like removing
a hundred and twenty kilobytes so it's
working great for now
more than this we all need to get to get
even deeper onto into the crypto
packages which is a lot harder but we'll
get there I'm still walks in the
the IP FST CTL stuff this is basically
the neat stuff about the go team
implementing it or not and also the
other poly quest like I don't really
remember to what it is right now it's
been blocking me for a while for the
next this week I'll continue the bundle
size is almost finished just need to
finish up some minor stuff will rework
the error proposal with the support for
wrapping as as the people gave feedback
to the first pull request I'll click
that and also work on the basing
iterators on the multi hashing and am
plex oh and yeah the stream HTTP package
I it for the bundle sighs work and
I'll probably make a new package to fix
some problems that we have for a long
time about streams and serviceworker and
switching up from fetch and and requests
so let's sit for me anyone has any
questions nope great Alex
Alex are you frozen are you there
alright we will skip him for the moment
oh and go with Porcha oh um so I
actually finished my first ticket where
I added a silent feature 2gs ipfs Steven
so if you turn it on you don't have to
steal the output
I wrote test for it um Alan helped me
with some of the tests and yeah so
that's what I did this week any I don't
know any questions but awesome Alex back
to you yeah I mean slightly closer to
the reason so last week I was in Porto
for a bit I did a talk on NPM on ipfs at
the APHA meetup it was loads of mum went
down really well we had you know lots of
great questions from the audience and
people came up to me and talked to me
about it afterwards good engagement
there it was good fun I added streaming
options to the list methods for m FS and
so you don't have to offer the whole
contents of a directory in salina rain
[Music]
Jacob merged those twelve out there
everyone just freeze how you dropped up
for a bit right oh yeah that had shot in
Bryant she called urged and released
which is awesome
yeah right breaking up quite a bit yeah
I mean that like they're trying to
request a terrible from no I am a
manifest on NPR PFS went down for my
three ministers off a second which was
awesome and so I'm not blocked in
anything this week I'm gonna try to
update the HTT hello yeah so I was
working on a next-generation HTTP
interface that uses kind of rest
primitives to do ipfs manipulations and
everyone again I hear people talk about
this stuff and that means there's
definitely upside for it so I'm gonna
update it and I really want to get it
into like some kind of experiments
wheelchairs ipfs or you could just fire
up and start hitting the M by the
generated documentation because I feel
our gonna start the replay migrator
which is the other p0 thing I have my
okay asked for this quarter and I'm
gonna try and write a blog post about NP
and I write less so that we can roll it
out along with
0.34 we should you need buddy anyone
that's mean awesome any questions for
Alex
okay connection will be maybe enough to
answer no questions it is one other
thing we did start linked it in my posts
we started planning for live PDP okay
ours for q1 if you have any
recommendations of things that you would
like to see feel free to reach out and
request that I'll just post that in chat
real quick but that is up there was a PR
it'll be an open discussion for about a
week and then ultimately we'll be
presenting the final or TBD final okay
ours on the 20th
does anybody have anything else they
want to cover I have one quick update if
we have a sec um I just wanted to share
that the new I don't know how to
describe it but the new CID link API is
now reflected in the workshops on front
of school thanks to Michael going back
through and we're we're working
everything and my Giants uh my giant set
of one user who's going through and
documenting his experience went back
through did the whole thing again with
that in place and loves how much easier
it is both the actual API and the way we
were able to kind of simplify the
instruction so kudos to anyone here who
was involved to making that change and
to Michael that debuted it that's a that
was a lot of people actually don't work
on that change it was like deep down in
the CIT library and then everybody had
to update their death so thanks to
pretty much everybody comes this way
that's super awesome to hear anybody
else believe and I know like you are
preparing a big ones for proto school
I'm wondering if if you did the right
time for us right now for example we
have a bunch of like why can't we have a
readme for that like whistle tutorial we
are there should we point people to
protocol nowadays or hours away
I would probably wait to link in that
direction but this is an appropriate
time like I know there are a bunch of
tutorials and stuff kind of spread out
in different places if you have ideas
for like whole workshops that could be
pulled from existing resources you can
open an issue for a new workshop idea in
proto school um and we also have yeah so
I guess after we get after we get more
publicly launched and are drawing more
attention purposefully we definitely
want to start linking between resources
and pushing more people to proto school
and then where we need to where you
can't fit condensed stuff there link out
to other resources as well
so feel free to log issues if you want
to just draw my attention to a resource
that's irrelevant point there you can
open an issue in the proto school github
that I Oh sounds good thank you
I'll review the our tutorials again in
point you had like any like make sense
to try to pour for school yeah thank you
awesome
all right I think that will do it for
this week and we will nope.avi be sorry
which I'm not sure if we have actually
the chance to kinda like a line as a
group so we are kind of like one two
weeks out from idea another quarter then
it's like holidays and like everyone
these events and that's great
we do have a lot of things in the
pipeline for the next really will be
very exciting and I'm wondering if we
are except to like really sit before
like going into all these votes like
like you are all like is it just like
reviewing our ancho's request for like
breathing the PRA requested us to review
is there any blocking work is there
anything like we could perhaps like just
adjust our tension to try to try to get
it released before Christmas
that does anyone as I was gonna and that
idea about this or does anyone has
updated mind where like they think that
really still be the actual dates I don't
know probably only Alan as that in mind
but I think we are good to to make the
release before like the Allah days but
it's gonna it's gonna be close there's a
lot of a lot of PRS pending that I guess
they Alan wants to includes but I think
we we can make it Alan said in is
hepatitis that intends to release the
realest candidates this week I think so
I think we are good products to release
it is next week I mean there's only one
issue on the on the release issue linked
issue that doesn't have a peer I stared
from star methods other than that it's
just a case of emerging us these peels I
[Music]
got it I think they're like one of the
ad from star methods he's already done
there's like a PR that I go and he's
asking for you my guess is just like
missing your ad from it that's cool okay
so I'll perhaps like there's like post
the same question on the release issue
so we can like comment there if we see
any like special okay all right thank
you sorry if this was like my last
question I'll promise not to raise the
hand again we're done for real this time
alright see everybody next week